[theme music]
♪ I'm goin' down to South Park ♪
♪ Gonna have myself a time
♪ Friendly faces everywhere ♪
♪ Humble folks
without temptation ♪
♪ I'm goin' down to South Park ♪
♪ Gonna leave my woes behind ♪
♪ Ample parking day or night ♪
♪ People spouting.
"Howdy. neighbor" ♪
♪ I'm headin' on down
to South Park ♪
♪ Gonna see
if I can't unwind ♪
♪ [mumbling] ♪
♪ Come on down to South Park ♪
♪ And meet some friends of mine ♪
[twangy music]
[school bell rings]
Hey. fellas! Fellas!
You wanna know what time
I woke up this morning?
- What time?
- Around six-seven!
all: Six-seven!
Oh. hey. Annie. Ladies.
Did you guys do your homework
last night?
I tried to. but I got stuck on
problems six and seven!
all: Six-seven!
[Butters laughs]
Hey. Eric!
I know. Butters. I know.
Don't do it to me.
It's too funny.
- But I just did a six-seven
with Annie and Megan
at the same time!
Yeah. five minutes ago
I snuck up on Wendy
and totally six-seven'd
her from behind.
- Wow!
- Hey. Scott.
How's your diabetes. man?
- My diabetes?
- Yeah. what's your A1C at?
6.7.
all: Six-seven!
[laughs] Oh. my God.
So fucking funny.
[indistinct chatter]
All right. everyone. listen up.
I've gotten a lot of reports
of disruptions in the classroom
and some satanic numerology
shit going on.
So I want to remind you this is
a Power Christian school.
and I am
a Power Christian Principal.
and we will be PC!
So now I want you to hear
from someone
who is the highest authority
on Biblical prophecies.
This person is an absolute
expert on the end of days
and the coming
of the Antichrist.
Please welcome Mr. Pete Thiel.
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Peter Thiel
knows about the Antichrist ♪
♪ Peter Thiel knows about
the Antichrist ♪
♪ I'm Peter Thiel and I know
about the Antichrist ♪
SINGERS: ♪ Let's learn about
the Antichrist today ♪
♪ Today
Hello. kids. I'm Peter Thiel.
and I'm here to talk to you
about the Antichrist!
[one person clapping]
OK. so first.
what is the Antichrist?
The Antichrist is a newer.
more human form of Satan
that will soon walk the Earth.
We don't know how soon
it will walk the Earth.
but it could be within
the next six to seven weeks.
KIDS: Six-seven!
Uh. kay.
Uh. you see.
Satan was a fallen angel
and God punished him.
and to make sure that Satan
could never have offspring.
the Lord God did shrink
Satan's asshole
to the size
of a tiny. little pinhole
so nothing could ever penetrate
and ejaculate inside of it.
So Satan could never
have a butt baby until
along came Mr. Donald Trunp.
whose penis is so teeny.
teeny tiny
it could actually fit
in Satan's asshole.
How small is
Donald Trump's penis?
Somewhere between six and seven
centimeters.
KIDS: Six-seven!
Hey. look. this is very
important. people.
OK. the Antichrist is coming.
The Bible refers to the eagle.
which refers to America.
the fourth seal broken.
and hell coming to Earth.
It's right here
in Revelations 6...
six-seven.
KIDS: Six-seven!
[laughing]
Good. and breathe in
through your nose. [inhales]
[exhales]
And out through your mouth.
In... two. three four.
And exhale... two. three. four.
Good.
Let your shoulders soften.
Let your jaw relax.
Now gentle pressure on the hips
as your partner exhales.
Good.
This is so boring!
How about you shut up
and do your job?
Ah. come on. Satan!
How about we just go home
and fuck?
We haven't had sex in forever.
That's because it's bad
for the baby.
Yeah. but fuck the baby.
This is stupid!
Did you just say
"fuck the baby"?
Hey. relax. guy.
I didn't mean like
really fuck the baby!
No. you know what?
You can just go home.
I'll finish this myself.
You can go home
and jack off if you want.
INSTRUCTOR: [exhales]
Perfect.
[belt clinking. zipper opens]
[door opens]
Hello. boss!
Ah! Shit!
Good news. boss.
we just shut down
another abortion clinic.
Oh. yeah. great.
That's great.
Yes. boss.
You've made all the Christians
so happy.
Of course. there is still
one more clinic
that will still perform
abortions
right here in town.
[dramatic musical sting]
- There is?
- Oh. yes.
How unfortunate that some babies
will not be able to be born.
As Christians. we can't allow
this to continue.
Perhaps you should go speak
with this abortion doctor
personally.
Yeah. Yeah!
[knock on door]
- Come on.
PC Principal.
do you have a minute?
Sure. Jesus.
What do you need?
I'm starting to wonder
if I really fit in here.
Course you fit in.
This school's been a cesspool
of heathen left-wing
little bitches. and only our
faith is gonna set them right.
Could I ask exactly
what branch of Christianity
are you?
The kind that loves his country
and doesn't tolerate
any fucking fags.
Yeah. see. I-I really think
I don't belong here.
Look. I understand
it's a tough transition.
You know.
the vice principal here
had the same conflict as you.
but she's really come around.
The vice principal?
Your wife?
That's right.
Can you send in Strong
Christian Woman. please?
She was saying this wasn't
the place for her anymore.
but just this last weekend.
she converted to Christianity.
[knocks]
You wanted to see me?
Yeah. Strong Christian Woman.
I was just telling Jesus
here about our faith.
Oh. yes. it's been
such a blessing.
She converted on Saturday.
What do you think. huh?
You ever seen a more Christian
chick in your fucking life?
Never.
Look.
I know it's a hard adjustment.
but just stick with it.
and you're gonna fit in here
just fine. Jesus.
[soft muttering]
[snickers]
[giggles]
Everything go good at school
today. honey?
[stifling laughter]
Yep. yep. School was good.
School was pretty good.
[snickering]
Is everything OK. honey?
Yeah. Everything's fine.
It's fine.
Mom? Uh. could I...
could I ask you something?
Sure. Eric.
Do you know. um...
do you know on average.
um. at what age kids
lose their baby teeth?
Oh. I'm not sure. Eric.
I guess usually around
six. seven?
[laughing]
OK.
Eric. what?
No. nothing. Nothing.
I'm sorry.
[clears throat]
I was just. uh...
I was just. um...
I was just thinking about
your menstrual cycle.
My menstrual cycle?
Yeah. I was just wondering
when you actual menstruate. Mom.
Like. roughly. how many days
does that last?
Well. Eric. it's usually around
six to seven days
that a woman...
[laughing]
Oh. Oh. [choking]
[laughing. choking]
[retching]
[retching continues]
Eric? Sweetie?
[coughs. pants]
Eric. what is going on?
This keeps happening.
Mom. Mom.
you gotta tell me something.
Of course. honey.
Roughly how many nights...
[gags]
have I been throwing up
at dinner?
I-I don't know. Eric.
It's probably been
six or seven nights...
[laughing]
[vomiting]
[knock on door]
Hey. Jesus. get your stuff. man.
We're going out for drinks.
- What?
Look.
I know it's been hard for you
trying to adjust here
and everything.
so the wife and I were talking
and we found
a nice Christian lady
we're gonna set you up with.
Oh. I don't think so.
Thanks. but...
Oh. come on. man.
She's a really great woman.
and she just converted
to Christianity.
My wife met her at the same
place that she became Christian.
WOMAN: So then I was like.
"You know what?
I need a new direction
in my life.
It's like I just got so sick of
everyone being such a pussy
all the time.
and all this woke garbage
and women trying to be men.
So I just started reading
the Bible. you know?
I mean. I didn't actually
read the Bible.
but I listened to
a lot of podcasts.
And once I went through
my transition. I was like.
"This is great."
only now. guys are always
checking out my Christianity.
Sorry. could you all excuse me?
I need to go to the bathroom.
Sure thing. Jesus.
He seems nice.
[sighs]
[light music playing]
♪ ♪
Miss Davidson?
Miss Coco Slutty Davidson?
Oh. yeah. that's me!
I'm Coco Slutty Davidson.
I'm just here
to get an abortion.
[chuckles]
The doctor's right in here...
ma'am.
Hey. doc!
All right. listen.
I need you to perform an
abortion. but it's not for me.
It's for my partner.
And you can't tell anyone.
not even my partner.
How am I supposed to do that?
Well. you're gonna come
with me. see.
and we're gonna sneak
into my house.
and you're gonna suck that thing
out while everyone's asleep.
You house wouldn't happen
to be white. would it?
Hey! How do you know that?
Look. Mr. President.
I've seen the news.
If you got Satan pregnant.
that's your responsibility.
Well. it's your
responsibility now!
Or else I'll sue you.
how about that?
Even if I wanted
to help you. sir.
I have no idea
how to perform an abortion
on the offspring of Satan.
To do that. you'd need some kind
of expert on the Antichrist.
[upbeat music]
SINGERS: ♪ Peter Thiel knows
about the Antichrist ♪
♪ Peter Thiel knows
♪ I'm Peter Thiel and I know
about the Antichrist ♪
♪
All right. listen.
you people have a very serious
problem here.
Your students appear to be in
some kind of cult
involving the numbers six
and seven.
All right. so what should we do?
I'm going to need access to
all your school's private data...
school records. health records.
and of course.
all security cameras.
Oh. no. look.
I don't think we need it...
Is this really
what we've come to?
Freely handing people's
personal data over
to some tech billionaire
preaching shit about the Bible?
You got a problem with Jesus.
bro?
Come on. man. you became a
Christian like three months ago.
Yeah.
I've got fucking faith. dude!
What do you have.
you little bitch?
You wanna throw down. bro?
OK. hey. hey. hey...
You wanna see what it feels
like to talk shit
about Christians. dude?
[grunting]
I'll kick your heathen ass. bro!
[mechanical droning]
[loud whirring]
[thrumming]
All right. just try
to be still. Eric.
Doctor. could I ask a question?
Of course.
About how long...
[stifled laughter]
do you need me to be still?
Just about ten seconds. Eric.
OK.
So how long now?
Just another six. seven
seconds. Eric...
[laughter]
[vomiting]
[steady beeping]
I'm sorry. Mrs. Cartman.
but we can't pinpoint
the source of his illness.
[snorting]
If he continues to vomit
this much daily.
I'm afraid it could be
life threatening.
But. doctor.
if I'm not able
to keep any food down.
roughly how long would it take...
[stifled laughter]
roughly how long would it take
for the human body to die?
Eric. I'm gonna be very honest
with you.
Without sufficient nutrients.
the body shuts down
after six to seven weeks.
[laughing]
[vomit splatting]
[keyboard clacking]
Excuse me. that's my computer.
Yes. And your computer
has all the personal data
of the students here.
- It's OK. Jesus.
Peter Thiel knows
what he's doing.
I've downloaded all
the students' information
and loaded them into an
AI face detection program
so the school's security cameras
can watch their every move.
Now look.
Two students passing each other
in the hallway.
They give each other the sign...
six. seven.
Exactly 67 seconds later.
this odd parka-wearing child
makes the same gesture.
And then
inside the girls bathroom.
two girls doing the same thing.
Wait. why is there a camera
inside the girls bathroom?
To stop the Antichrist.
Now I'm following the lead
on this girl here.
She went home
to 67 Mala Vista Drive.
Going through her family's
medical records.
I found that her father has
testicular cancer
and 67 days ago.
had one testicle removed.
That really feels like
none of our business.
I don't know how
I'm supposed to work
with Nosy Nancy peering over
my shoulder all the time.
Jesus. let's you and me
have a quick chin wiggle
out in the hall.
[door shuts]
[sinister music]
I'm getting close.
I almost have the key
to stop it from happening.
♪ ♪
We are running out of time.
Mr. Thiel.
The Antichrist is coming.
Satan is shopping for
baby strollers as we speak.
If I'm going to learn
what these numbers mean.
I'm going to need access to
every government database.
You will have it. Mr. Thiel.
Nothing is more important
than making sure
this baby is not born.
♪
[soft sentimental music]
Look. man. I know it's tough.
but you gotta understand
that drastic times
call for drastic measures.
I just don't feel good about
treating people this way.
I think the most important thing
still has to be loving
and respecting each other.
♪
All right. man.
I need to ask you something
and I need you
to tell me the truth.
Are you a fag?
No. That has nothing to do
with it. It just...
Are you fucking sure?
I'm just trying to say that
I'm really confused right now.
OK. but confused like you
don't know if you're attracted
to dudes. or like what?
Like how we can just change
everything about who we are.
I think you still
just don't understand
what Christians today are about.
Come on. There's someone I think
you should talk to.
WOMAN:
Oh. yes. the Antichrist!
I've listened to a lot
of podcasts about that.
Everyone keeps saying
how the Antichrist is coming.
but I'm like "He already did!
I was married to him in 2018!"
But seriously. if he saw
how Christian I was now.
he'd probably shit his pants.
[snorts]
Don't be jealous.
He's so funny.
[militaristic music]
♪
Hey.
Hey. Satan.
- Hello. boss.
- Ah! Fuck! Shit!
Oh. sorry. boss.
I did not know
Satan was sleeping.
Yeah. that's all he ever does
anymore.
Poor boss.
If you're going to jack off.
shall I fetch your cum rag?
Hey! I wasn't jacking off!
Sure thing. boss.
I'll go get your cum rag.
[sinister music]
[buttons dialing]
What is taking you so long?
I'm very close to finding
the secret of the numbers.
I've narrowed it down
to one little boy
who seems more possessed
than the others.
Then deal with him.
and keep it quiet.
Nobody can know
that we are working together.
When I become president.
I will give you full access
to everyone's data.
I've already spoken
with the mother.
and I'm on my way now
to face the child.
[eerie piano music]
♪
SINGERS: ♪ Peter Thiel knows
about the Antichrist ♪
♪ Peter Thiel knows
♪ I'm Peter Thiel and I know
about the Antichrist ♪
SINGERS: ♪ Let's deal with
the Antichrist today ♪
♪ Today
Is your son home?
Yes. Mr. Thiel.
He's right upstairs.
[muttering. chuckling]
[coughing. sniffing]
[stifling laughter]
Eric. I'm Peter Thiel.
I'm here to help our country.
Uh. OK.
I came to see you...
in an Uber. Eric.
[stifling laughter]
Would you like to know how
long it took me to get here?
How long?
It took...
around six or seven minutes.
I'm not really...
[vomiting]
[laughing]
No way! No way!
You know. they're all just
a bunch of libtards anyways.
I know what's up.
I listen to podcasts.
You wanna know who I think
the Antichrist is?
Greta Thunberg.
With her stupid haircut
and her dumb bangs.
Someone should yank out
whatever's up her ass.
[snorts]
I can't.
I just can't!
Everything all right. bud?
No. everything's not all right!
I don't know what
I'm doing here!
You're trying to get with
the program. bro!
Peggy Rockbottom is
a hot Christian girl.
now stop acting gay!
Look. I don't know what
you think Christianity is.
but it has nothing to do
with that.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that you
and a lot of other people
seem to have a very warped sense
of what Christianity is.
Are you questioning my faith?
You wanna fucking go?
No. I don't want to fucking go.
- You got a problem. bro?
- No. I don't have a problem.
You actually have a problem.
You need a way to bully people
and you're using the Bible
to do it.
[grunts]
PC PRINCIPAL: You like that?
Yeah! You want some more?
I'm not gonna fight you!
Damn right you won't. 'cause
you're a gay little pussy!
Yeah. don't come back!
You're gonna get some more.
bitch!
[Cartman coughing]
PETER: Tell me what it means!
[laughing. coughing]
The Lord labored six days
and on the seventh. He rested!
[laughing]
You will tell me
the significance!
There's nothing more
I can do here.
I have to take him
to Washington D.C.
Washington?
Oh. no. he can't travel now.
He's very sick.
Your son is the key to saving
our country. Ms. Cartman.
Everything we hold dear
could end.
We have to unlock the secrets
he holds.
no matter what it takes.
["Sister Christian"
by Night Ranger]
♪ ♪
♪ Sister Christian.
oh. the time has come ♪
♪ And you know
that you're the only one ♪
♪ To say "OK" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Where you going?
What you looking for? ♪
♪ You know those boys don't
wanna play no more ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ It's true
♪ ♪
[driving beat]
♪ You're motorin' ♪
♪ What's your price
for flight? ♪
♪ In finding Mr. Right
♪ You'll be all right tonight ♪
♪
Fuck yeah. Jesus!
♪ You're motorin'
♪ What's your price
for flight? ♪
♪ In finding Mr. Right? ♪
Let's fucking go. bro!
Yes. baby! Yes!
♪ Tonight
[theme music]
♪ ♪